hello there is psycho arthur and today we are
let's see the fight from the heading Chinese weekdays
this is a battlefield with another action on release
Leningrad
here we are building 62 chinese a
actually and to 6 we send to fight
with these tankers recalcitrant we are like
the elite of this battle together with the site decide
crush and jam
top of the card on because t59
has excellent dynamics
splendid auto booking
position we look through the tank tower
night though in this fight i'm a little
prosyulelyu
there is not something that the tower will be tanking
new city of presence and so we
slowly we are not moving forward
slowly so calmly together on the flank
it is quite normal for that
there are 10 type of course maybe not here
deal with the onslaught of opponents like
here is this 12t but the boys obviously
purposefully ran that diva also that
a little so calmed her begins
actually fun e25 with a break
lugs 150 millimeters
further type 58 with a break through there about
shirt of 28 something
drying 101 for 175 breakdowns that have developed
decided that she had great armor and in general
super speed so she should
break out like st
Well, sort of superstitious, yes, logically, but 2
chinese they all know treacherous
the only dangerous enemy for that
pose we consider them 50100 which is already part
drum shaft landed absolutely nowhere
by my tower and how you see it all
perfectly ricochet and all these guys with
low penetration has no chance
absolutely give it through
the only pierce and which for me
passed it in my opinion
amx 50100 well, and actually already starting
shoot gold these sixes sevens and u
they, too, well, can not get through
this magic rum which is tested
for years and
you can not just take and punch itself
we disassembled all this baby like you
you may notice on my forehead
marks from their non-flicks and
me this fight well, just wildly cheered up
here we are still eating up this mx
Well, the battle is made essentially apart from our
Alikhan on the food pole which merged there
Here actually actually here brothers
took here and so and break through
notice passed only in anal up to 50
together with the site we decide what
you need to make more boys from the center
so they could speed up here we
approaching the position itself and here
drawbacks
we wait until we need them
such a battle here such a bend and
proper type them this constantly when
meet the enemy with
weak breakthrough just happens
beating juvenile most present
beating
and even breakdown tanks are enough
high like mx and 50100 and flies
machine partly through the tower and insert
rum in the corps punch taipa im very
difficult because the booking level
st level nine
and given the preferential level of fighting well, you
understand what I eat here in general
opponents and interests will be the ultimate
the result of this fight watch the results
here is such a farm thanks for watching
subscribe to the project in
and I wish you your direct technique
farm no less since i started
use a free camera
finally i want to show you all this
the act of actually repeating me from another
view angle